As engineering students, it is important for us to understand the ethical and professional responsibilities in building emailing applications such as 4Mail. Bearing the responsibility to store data of people’s information indicates that we are trusted to keep their information private and for us to keep them secure. Since we have access to the database that consists of the users’ conversation, we have to make sure that their conversations will remain in between the senders and the recipients. We are also trusted with their emails and passwords so we have to make sure that those will remain secure. With that being said, we have to make sure that whatever we build will be a benefit to people’s day to day lives. 
Solutions that come from engineering impacts people’s lives both at a positive and negative level. Engineering helps people in their day to day lives as it helps solve problems and just makes tasks a lot simpler. Engineering also creates technology that encourages economic advancement by creating products that attract many and even allowing people to create businesses online. Engineering also helps people interact and socialize through software, which could be a benefit for a lot of individuals. 
On the other hand, it is also important to acknowledge that engineering also has quite a bit of downsides. These same engineered solutions that help the economy could cause environmental damage and a bigger divide in social inequalities as some people are more able to afford them than others. On the positive note, since engineering bears ethical and professional responsibilities, it will always be possible to utilize it to solve any problems that may arise.
